docs: update sandbox renderer defaults for Electron 20 (#35379)
electron/electron: docs/tutorial/tutorial-3-preload.md

## Augmenting the renderer with a preload script

A BrowserWindow's preload script runs in a context that has access to both the HTML DOM
and a limited subset of Node.js and Electron APIs.

:::info Preload script sandboxing

> From Electron 20 onwards, preload scripts are **sandboxed** by default and no longer have access

Reviewer: It's not quite accurate to say here that the _preload script_ is sandboxed—the whole process is!
```suggestion
From Electron 20 onwards, renderers are **sandboxed** by default, so preload scripts no longer have access
```
